README.md, before:

php
===

Parser for PHP written in Go

See [this post](https://stephensearles.com/?p=288) for an introduction.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stephens2424/php.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/stephens2424/php) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/stephens2424/php?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/stephens2424/php)

Test console:

[![console](https://stephensearles.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Screen-Shot-2014-07-27-at-12.02.32-PM.png)](https://phpconsole.stephensearles.com)

## Project Status

This project is under heavy development, though some pieces are more or less stable. Listed here are components that in progress or are ideas for future development

Feature                       |Status
------------------------------|------
Lexer and Parser              | mostly complete. there are probably a few gaps still
Scoping                       | complete for simple cases. probably some gaps still
Code search and symbol lookup | basic idea implemented, many many details missing
Code formatting               | basic idea implemented, formatting needs to narrow down to PSR-2
Transpilation to Go           | basic idea implemented, need follow through with more node types
Type inferencing              | not begun
Dead code analysis            | not begun

## Project Components

Directory                     |Description
------------------------------|------
php| the core parser
php/ast| (abstract syntax tree) describes the nodes in PHP as parsed by the parser
php/ast/printer| prints an ast back to source code
php/cmd| a tool used to debug the parser
php/lexer| reads a stream of tokens from source code
php/passes| tools and packages related to modifying or analyzing PHP code (heavily a work in progress)
php/passes/togo| transpiler
php/query| tools and packages related to analyzing and finding things in PHP code (heavily a work in progress)
php/testdata| simple examples of PHP that must parse with no errors for tests to pass
php/token| describes the tokens read by the lexer

Commit message:

Added some basic dead code analysis

README.md, after:

php
===

Parser for PHP written in Go

See [this post](https://stephensearles.com/?p=288) for an introduction.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stephens2424/php.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/stephens2424/php) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/stephens2424/php?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/stephens2424/php)

Test console:

[![console](https://stephensearles.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Screen-Shot-2014-07-27-at-12.02.32-PM.png)](https://phpconsole.stephensearles.com)

## Project Status

This project is under heavy development, though some pieces are more or less stable. Listed here are components that in progress or are ideas for future development

Feature                       |Status
------------------------------|------
Lexer and Parser              | mostly complete. there are probably a few gaps still
Scoping                       | complete for simple cases. probably some gaps still, most notably that conditional definitions are treated as if they are always defined
Code search and symbol lookup | basic idea implemented, many many details missing
Code formatting               | basic idea implemented, formatting needs to narrow down to PSR-2
Transpilation to Go           | basic idea implemented, need follow through with more node types
Type inferencing              | not begun
Dead code analysis            | basic idea implemented, but only for some types of code. Also, this suffers from the same caveats as scoping

## Project Components

Directory                     |Description
------------------------------|------
php| the core parser
php/ast| (abstract syntax tree) describes the nodes in PHP as parsed by the parser
php/ast/printer| prints an ast back to source code
php/cmd| a tool used to debug the parser
php/lexer| reads a stream of tokens from source code
php/passes| tools and packages related to modifying or analyzing PHP code (heavily a work in progress)
php/passes/togo| transpiler
php/passes/deadcode| dead code analyzer
php/query| tools and packages related to analyzing and finding things in PHP code (heavily a work in progress)
php/testdata| simple examples of PHP that must parse with no errors for tests to pass
php/token| describes the tokens read by the lexer
